We want a profile page that lists the name of the user, their status (officer or member), and their volunteer information (name, year, major, email, phone). It's just a profile page for members to look up their information and stay up to date on the club. The importance of this for our project is that both members and officers can keep up to date on the number of hours they need to do and other relevant information. 

Our goal for this iteration is to have a profile page that lists the name of the user, their status, and the number of hours. We want the member to be able to edit their contact info (email, phone number). We also want the photo gallery, hours, and upcoming events to all be on this page so members can know about volunteer/meeting opportunities. This iteration, we will just be doing a dummy/blank for the photo gallery and calendar (doing it in later iterations). Officers should be able to update the hours for a member and verify the volunteer hours. (In this case, we are going to have two separate models for a Member and Officer for the different features). Members can have the number of volunteers hours represented with a medal icon depending on the #. They will get Bronze for 10 hours, Silver for 20 hours, and Gold for 30 hours. Cal Red Cross uses different tiers based on the number of volunteer hours. Members need to be able to post a private reflection based on their recent event (just private to them). Members can have an About me section where they can describe who they are and their interests. This is a way for other members to learn about each other, along with officers for their committees. 